(The morning of the Iceland teaser shooting day!)
Olivia Hye: It's already cold~
(She looking the other way...)
Go Won: Uh....
Go Won: I'm worried that it'll be a bit cold~
(This place looks much colder with this BGM...)
Olivia Hye: But...
Olivia Hye: It's not as cold as I thought it would be...
Go Won: (What?)
Olivia Hye: Actually, I don't know
Go Won: Because she's not going to do shooting today...
(Only Go Won is scheduled to do shooting today)
Olivia Hye: What if it rains?
(She seems to hope it rains....)
(Anyway, the teaser shooting is started with Go Won's professional posture!)
(Olivia Hye is enjoying her freedom with Go Won in the back!)
Olivia Hye: Who is she bowing low to...?
Olivia Hye: Why does she lying down desperately...?
Olivia Hye: Is she frozen there?
Olivia Hye: Is she okay...?
Olivia Hye: And... now I can't move my mouth...
Olivia Hye: It's colder than I thought...
Olivia Hye: I think I'm feeling the cold more than you
Go Won: Her nose turned red~
Olivia Hye: My nose is about to run...